[clang] static operators should evaluate object argument (#68485)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  (`#64086 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/64086>`_)

- Fixed a regression where clang forgets how to substitute into constraints on template-template
  parameters. Fixes:
  (`#57410 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/57410>`_) and
  (`#76604 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/57410>`_)

> - Fix an issue that the object argument of ``static operator()`` and ``static operator[]`` is not evaluate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix incorrect code generation caused by the object argument of ``static operator()`` and ``static operator[]`` calls not being evaluated.
```
